docs: changing calico issue to create (#4153)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.1/choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned/create-cluster/index.md

dkp get kubeconfig -c ${CLUSTER_NAME} > ${CLUSTER_NAME}.conf
```

### Confirming `calico` installation

> Before exploring the new cluster further, you will want to confirm your `calico` installation is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before exploring the new cluster further, you will want to confirm your `calico` installation is correct.
In the default case, Calico will autodetect the IP to use for each node using the the `first-found` [method](https://projectcalico.docs.tigera.io/reference/node/configuration#ip-autodetection-methods). This may not be appropriate in our particular nodes and you will need to modify Calico's configuration to use a different method.
One approach is to use the `interface` method by providing the interface id to use. For example lets assume that all your cluster nodes use `ens192` as the interface name, follow the steps outlined in this section to modify Calico configuration. 

```

Author: Applied those changes @dkoshkin - review again, please?

dkp get kubeconfig -c ${CLUSTER_NAME} > ${CLUSTER_NAME}.conf
```

> ### Confirming `calico` installation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Verify `calico` installation
```

> Before exploring the new cluster further, you will want to confirm your `calico` installation is correct.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before exploring the new cluster, confirm your `calico` installation is correct.
```

> In the default case, Calico will automatically detect the IP to use for each node using the `first-found` [method][calico-method]. This may not be appropriate in our particular nodes and you will need to modify Calico's configuration to use a different method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, Calico automatically detects the IP to use for each node using the `first-found` [method][calico-method]. This may not be appropriate in your particular nodes, and you must modify Calico's configuration to use a different method.
```
